Day10_Notes.md, before:

# Notes
- Assignment -> https://gist.github.com/ragavkumarv/619b06cedf9e90fd776a6bb9204c533e

# HTML and CSS
- https://bit.ly/beast-figma - Recreate this for today.
- CSS - Cascading Style Sheet
- Figma -> 
    - Varients -> Different versions of the same design
    - Auto-layer -> when you adjust size everything also adjusts
- Types of CSS:
    - Inline
    - Internal or Embedded - 
    - External - Separate css file
- We prefer External because this allows disclustering of code (Seperation of concern), and improve developer experience. To reuse code.
- Internal is prefered when you want performance: no loading of extra file for style: Everything is loaded in one go. 
- Whole thing is a CSS Rule:
    - Declaration block {}: With a declaration: That has property and value
    - p, div -> Called a selector
- HSL - hue, saturation, and lightness: The human prefered colour presentation.
- SRGB and DSBI
- To auto-complete: `ctrl + space`
- Types of selectors:
    1. element - p, h2, h3
    2. class - .brand, .fun
    3. id - #main -> Unique and use only once
- Boxing element
    - Margin
    - Border
    - Padding
- Avery list by default has padding and margin
- Padding -> Push onto other items - e.g between boarder and content
- Margin -> Create a gap betweem items (elements): different positions for margins (bottom)
- Fonts:
    - Sans Serif -> No serif | Trendy organisations, playful | Social media
    - Serif -> Tries to potray: Trust, Old and traditional -> Banks, financial inxtitutions, newspapers.
    - font-family -> used for alternative fonts | fallbacks

# Test Overview
1. Class methods enable the method to acess and modify class state that applies accross all instances.
2. Debug in VS Code:Breakpoint and F5
3. Primary purpose to isolate project dependencies.
4.

Commit message:

Day 11: More html and css

Day10_Notes.md, after:

# Notes
- Assignment -> https://gist.github.com/ragavkumarv/619b06cedf9e90fd776a6bb9204c533e

# HTML and CSS
- https://bit.ly/beast-figma - Recreate this for today.
- CSS - Cascading Style Sheet
- Figma -> 
    - Varients -> Different versions of the same design
    - Auto-layer -> when you adjust size everything also adjusts
- Types of CSS:
    - Inline
    - Internal or Embedded - 
    - External - Separate css file
- We prefer External because this allows disclustering of code (Seperation of concern), and improve developer experience. To reuse code.
- Internal is prefered when you want performance: no loading of extra file for style: Everything is loaded in one go. 
- Whole thing is a CSS Rule:
    - Declaration block {}: With a declaration: That has property and value
    - p, div -> Called a selector
- HSL - hue, saturation, and lightness: The human prefered colour presentation.
- SRGB and DSBI
- To auto-complete: `ctrl + space`
- Types of selectors:
    1. element - p, h2, h3
    2. class - .brand, .fun
    3. id - #main -> Unique and use only once
- Boxing element
    - Margin
    - Border
    - Padding
- Avery list by default has padding and margin
- Padding -> Push onto other items - e.g between boarder and content
- Margin -> Create a gap betweem items (elements): different positions for margins (bottom)
- Fonts:
    - Sans Serif -> No serif | Trendy organisations, playful | Social media
    - Serif -> Tries to potray: Trust, Old and traditional -> Banks, financial inxtitutions, newspapers. Has tails.
    - font-family -> used for alternative fonts | fallbacks
- Every element in html follows the box model.

# Test Overview
1. Class methods enable the method to acess and modify class state that applies accross all instances.
2. Debug in VS Code:Breakpoint and F5
3. Primary purpose to isolate project dependencies.
4.
